Create documentation for component and related packages (#7)
kyma-incubator/documentation-component: docs/templates/document-templates/render-engine_README.md

# {Name} {#required}

> **NOTE**: Modify the `{Name}` and insert the name of your render engine. Use Heading 1 (H1).

## Overview {#required}

Provide a description of the render engine's functionality - what kind of resources the described render engine are adapted and (if it is) on what it is based, and what it uses (what packages).

## Prerequisites {#required}

> > **NOTE**: This section is optional if only required dependency is `@kyma-project/documentation-component`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: Don't consider`@kyma-project/documentation-component` a prerequisite. 
```

> List the required packages to use the render engine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List the packages required to use the render engine. 
```

> > **Example**: 

Reviewer: I would remove the example. It doesn't seem to be needed as you can see examples in an existing README.md.

Author: Maybe `> **NOTE**: See example in [this](../../../packages/async-api-render-engine/README.md) file.`

> - styled-components: ^4.3.0

> ## Installation {#required}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation
```

Explain the steps to install your render engine.

> > **Example**: 

Reviewer: I would remove the example. It doesn't seem to be needed as you can see examples in an existing README.md.

> ```bash
> npm i @kyma-project/dc-async-api-render-engine
> ```

> ## Options {#required - if config exists}

Reviewer: ## Configuration

> List in the table available options of the render engine. Please use the table's structure as in example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a table listing the available options of your render engine. Use the following table structure:
```

> > **NOTE**: If the options are complex, you can use a subsections. If not, please use table's structure in below example.

Reviewer: I would remove this panel note as I wouldn't go with subsections, but... @magicmatatjahu we can discuss it with @kazydek :)

> > **Example**: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> | Name | Required | Type | Default value | Description |
> |---|---|---|---|---|

> > | `schema` | YES | `string` | `""` | Defines the input schema for rendering |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> | `schema` | Yes | `string` | `""` | Defines the input schema for rendering. |
```

> ## Plugins {#optional}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Plugins*
```

> List provided with the package available plugins (if they exist).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List plugins available for your render engine.
```
Would it be correct or did I get it wrong?

> ## Development {#optional}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Development*
```
